Extend docs for device automation (#876)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/device_automation_condition.md

This is the schema for conditions. The base schema should be extended from `homeassistant.helpers.config_validation.DEVICE_CONDITION_BASE_SCHEMA`.

#### `async_get_conditions`

```py
async def async_get_conditions(
    hass: HomeAssistant, device_id: str
) -> list[dict[str, str]]:
```

Return a list of conditions that this device supports.

#### `async_condition_from_config`

```py
@callback
def async_condition_from_config(
    config: ConfigType, config_validation: bool
) -> condition.ConditionCheckerType:
    """Create a function to test a device condition."""
```

Create a condition function from a function. The condition functions should be an async-friendly callback that evaluates the condition and returns a `bool`.

> Use the `config_valition` parameter to turn on or off config validation with the defined `CONDITION_SCHEMA`.

Reviewer: This is not done by the integration developer, it's done by core depending on how the condiations are setup.

Author: Right.
```suggestion
The `config_valition` parameter will be used by the core to apply config validation conditionally with the defined `CONDITION_SCHEMA`.
```

Too much condition maybe? :smile:

Reviewer: I think it's OK :)

Author: Should we apply my suggestion?

Reviewer: Yes, sorry. `config_validation` is misspelled by the way.
